- Oh, heads up, Jillian.
Coffee is for closers.
- Well,
I don't even drink coffee.
- Mm, well, actually,
sweetheart, bagels--
also for closers.
Mmm.
That's not very good.
- Sugar-free vanilla creamer,
also for--
I'm sorry,
I don't remember your name,
but I think you know
what I was about to say,
and the word is "closers."
- All right, everyone,
come and have a seat, please.
- It's for closers.
- Yeah, we're closers, so...
- All right, everyone, we have
a very special guest today.
Let me introduce
Sigourney.
- Thank you, Alice.
- You're welcome.
- Hi, everybody.
I'm Sigourney Goulet.
Most of you know me
as the product rep from MenCo.
For years, we've had products
such as...
men's intimacy
endurance spray.
Well, we are going to just throw
all of that in the trash...
Because today
we're no longer MenCo.
We are now...
FemCo!
- Huh?
- The future leaders
in feminine retail.
- That's right, ladies, huh?
- And the very first product
that we're gonna bring to market
is the Boobillow.
The Boobillow is an ergonomic
wedge-shaped pillow
that allows
very large-breasted women
to sleep comfortably
on their stomachs.
- [clears throat]
- Yes?
- Hi, um, question--
just to be clear...
- Yes.
- So you're telling us
we are allowed to call women
and talk to them
about their breasts?
- Well, yes, but when dealing
with a sensitive subject--
[all cheering]
- Cool!
- We finally get
to talk titties at work.
- All right!
- Yeah, baby!
- Dude, I'm gonna call my dad.
- You got to. You have to.
I'm gonna try to contact
my father.
[The Skinny Boys' "Jockbox"]
*
- * I'm fresh
* You gotta, we gotta,
you gotta *
* Gotta be fresh
- Dudes, dudes, dudes,
check it out.
I got a girl on here who wants
to buy two Boobillows--
One for her and one
for her sister with back issues.
- Hey, that lady's back issue
is giving me a front issue
that's gonna require a ton
of tissue.
[laughter]
- I get it. Like ejaculation.
- Yeah, to clean up.
- Oh, dude,
that is funny, dude!
- Yes, um, what size
are your breasts?
Are we talking kumquats
or grapefruits?
And be honest.
You're on speakerphone.
Hello?
- Hello?
- What you working with, girl?
[line clicks, dial tone]
- Okay, I think I lost her.
[laughter]
Lost another one!
- We're gonna lose many more.
- Oh, I thought
it was gonna break.
Oh, man, yesterday
was so frickin' awesome, right?
- Yeah.
- I love my job.
I love my life, and dare I say
I love my friends?
- Oh, man,
I love you right back.
Dude, I got a girl's number
yesterday.
- What?
- Yeah, from my list of leads.
- But you got it.
- Yeah, and I texted it.
And now it's just
a waiting game.
[indistinct chatter]
- Hey, guys, over here...
now.
Well...
[sighs]
You guys were all terrible
yesterday--
awkward, creepy,
and with total sales of zero.
Luckily, all the saleswomen
in the office killed it.
So that's why
I'm transferring more women
from other departments
to take over your call lists.
- First they take
"Ghostbusters," now our phones?
- Okay, Alice, what are we
supposed to do, then, huh?
- From this point on,
all men are support staff.
- Okay, well, she's lucky
I don't have my bo staff.
- I'm sorry.
What was that?
- Nothing.
- Yeah.
- I'm sure--he was--
what you were trying to say was,
like, if these were
guy-centric products, right,
we'd be selling the crap
out of them, Alice.
It's just this stuff,
we don't--
Can I have one moment?
- No.
- Just give me one moment.
- No--Don't touch me. Fine.
- Ugh.
- I just want a moment.
We just want one moment.
What moment are we doing?
- We're gonna do...
- We're doing that?
- [whispering]
Yes, it's fine.
- Premature ejaculation
is the number-one problem facing
the American penis today.
But with the male intimacy
endurance spray,
just spritz your member
four times...
[bottle spraying]
- Close it down.
Get underneath.
- And I guess it'll take
a few seconds to kick in.
- He just touched his ding-dong.
- Ticktock, ticktock.
Adam, go ahead
and kick me in the dads.
It's show-and-tell, baby.
- Really?
- Yeah, man,
we're selling these people.
MenCo.
[groans]
- Ow, you spit your gum.
That was awesome.
That was cool.
- Another
satisfied customer.
- I'd like to give it a shot.
- [grunts loudly]
- [laughing]
I'm left-handed.
- [straining]
And I'm all good. I'm fine.
- Dragon Punch! Dragon Punch!
[bell dings on cell phone]
Whoa.
- Whoa, did you time
out that ding?
- No, I think somebody
got a text.
- That was incredible!
- Put them on vibrate, please.
- Yeah, put them on vibrate.
This is a presentation.
- So do you want us to get
on the phones now or...?
- No. But I am going
to sleep better at night,
knowing that you
can't have children now.
- Ooh.
- Okay, Alice.
Hello. Excuse me.
- I need my first cup
of coffee ever, immediately.
- Blake, you heard her.
Go get some coffee.
- Are we gonna get those leads
anytime soon?
- Go fetch, Stretch.
Move it.
- Okay, Alice,
hey, real quick,
I know that Jillian
is on the phones now,
so you will need
a new assistant, right?
- You know what?
Fine. I will think about it.
But for now,
you're a floater.
- Ew.
Was that a poop joke?
- No, of course not.
- [sighs]
Okay, good, 'cause just know
that I hate poop jokes.
All right, this is working out
great so far.
*
- Hey, gals,
check out my new assistant.
- Oh, hey, uh,
is it garbage day?
'Cause, uh, it looks like
someone took the junk
out of your pants.
[laughter]
- But, hey,
peep that caboose.
- Oh.
- Ooh.
- Oops.
- Uh-oh.
- Whoopsy-daisy.
Could you get it for me, Blake?
- Of course. Of course.
- Thanks, Blake.
- [grunts]
- Ooh.
Okay, turn, so I can see.
Turn, turn, yeah.
Turn--And pivot.
- Oh, yeah.
- That's where it's at.
[laughter]
- Lower.
- Excuse me?
- Yeah.
- And now in.
- In?
- Yeah.
In, but down.
No, no, no,
spread the legs more.
Spread as much as you can.
- I'm--Yeah, that's about--
- And now just--
and now just [bleep] it.
- Okay.
- Now just [bleep] the ground.
- Pop it! Pop it!
Pop it and dip it in!
In! In!
In!
I'm done.
- What?
- You can leave now.
- All right, sorry.
- [chuckles] Hello, ladies, got
some hot, fresh leads for you.
- Oh, yeah, for us?
'Cause we do
your job now, right?
- Anyway, if you guys ever
wanted any pointers, sisters,
feel free to bend my ear, and--
- Oh, please enlighten us.
- Yeah, that'd be great.
- Make a sa--
Oh, cool, yeah.
I'll make a sale. Yeah, I mean--
- Oh, yeah, come on.
- Yeah, I want to see that.
See what you got.
- Watch how it's done.
- We haven't been able to.
- Yeah, okay, can I call Marcia?
Is that cool?
- Yeah, Marcia's next.
- I'm actually not getting
a dial tone.
That's weird.
- Could be because you're not
a salesman, bitch.
Now get!
[laughter]
- You didn't even plug it in?
- No, it wasn't plugged in.
- [all speaking at once]
[laughter]
- Good afternoon, ladies!
Chocolate for you,
chocolate for you.
Sorry about the new attire.
I spilled a little coffee
on myself.
Had to borrow a spare
from my main man, Rob.
Ooh!
Hey, just let me know
if you need anything from me
using my strength
or my muscles.
Fresh mail. Hot off the boat.
- Thank you.
- Hey, I know what you're
thinking--
"Is this guy Alice Murphy
assistant material?"
Well, I'm about to prove to you
that I would.
Excuse me, sales angels!
I've arranged
a special beef tenderloin lunch
that I will be serving myself
in the break room at noon.
Who's hungry?
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
If you feed 'em at work, they
won't take an hour for lunch.
- Oh, I never suspected
you had a brain.
- I just want to use my muscles
and my mind
and open up shop right here
and be your number-one guy,
using my muscles and my mind.
- All right, well,
I'll think about it.
But for now, let's just keep you
at my, like, number-20 guy.
- I'll live with that.
- Ah, these women, my gosh.
Can't live with 'em, can't...
[urine splashing]
[sighs]
Have sex with 'em,
'cause they don't like me.
Whatever.
- Hey, Blake.
- Jillian?
- Keep "potty-ing."
Hey, you know
what I was thinking?
You would look
so much prettier
if you wore your hair up
in a bun.
Oh, the nape of your neck
is so elegant.
You know what, Blake?
I like a man bun...
Up top and on bottom.
- [gasps]
- So shake-a da wee-wee
off-a da pee-pee
and go get me a coffee.
[moans]
- She gone?
- Who's in here?
[toilet flushes]
- You can't stand
for that bull[bleep]!
It's time to fight back
for men's rights.
- I can't fight a woman, Bill.
She'd kick my ass.
- Well, you know what I'd do?
Poo in a plastic bag,
flatten it out like a pancake,
stick it in the freezer
for a few hours.
You know how those bitches
always leave their windows
cracked open
in the Rancho heat?
You slide the poo disc
through Jillian's window,
and when she gets into her car
after work,
she's got a poo puddle
waiting for her.
- That's insane, Bill.
- I've got a poo disc
in the freezer, if you want it?
- Oh, my gosh,
I thought that was
a Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage.
- Nope.
- Superglue for a super bitch.
What up?
- Jillian says she needs you
to come tuck her napkin
into her shirt.
- Of course, yes.
She asked me to tidy up as well,
which I'm doing,
and, also, I'm making
a personal call to my father.
- Okay.
- Okay, bye.
Oh, shoot.
Ah!
Ow! Ow! Ow!
- Hey, buddy.
A little medium raw, please.
- Loin is for closers only.
- It is.
Loin's for closers.
There you go.
Enjoy the loin.
Sorry, honey.
- Come on, man.
They've all eaten.
There's, like, a ton
of leftover loin.
- Mm, in fact, there's
no leftover loin. Ders...
[whispering]
Know your place.
- Have you forgotten
what's it's like to make a sale?
- I don't remember anything
before putting on this apron
and getting the attention
of a lifetime.
- Good luck with that.
Wow.
- Bye!
- [sighs]
It's good to be back.
Hello, ma'am?
Hi. Uh, my name's
Anders Holmvik,
and I'm calling to talk to you
about your blobs. I--
Sorry. I'm calling to talk
to you about your knock-wobbles.
Sorry.
I'm calling to talk to you
about your chest bombs, ma'am,
I mean--
I'm just calling to talk to you
about your tits.
[dial tone]
Hello?
You stupid, dumb dick.
Aah!
Wait a second.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,
yes, yes, yes, yes.
[bottle spraying]
Just--
[inhales sharply]
You can do this.
It's not bad, actually.
* *
- * He's insane
*
- Hey, gals,
got a tasty bit of trivia.
It turns out
that, uh, Jillian here
has quite
the embarrassing tattoo.
- No, I--no, I don't.
- Yes.
- You have a real tattoo?
- You guys want--
you want to see it?
- Yes.
- Yeah!
- All right, fine.
I'll show you. Fine.
I'll show it to you too,
Blake...
- Oh, good.
- Since you're so interested.
Ladies...
can you unzip?
- This ought to be
real good.
Whoa.
- Whoa!
- It's big.
- Jillian, that is badass.
I had no idea.
- No, it's not badass.
It's embarrassing.
I wanted the same tat
as my granddaddy,
and I took the photo in
to show the tattoo artist,
and he just--he messed up,
and he tattooed the whole photo.
- Polaroids are a throwback,
and that means that is dope.
- Girl, you got
a throwback back.
- You really think so?
both: Yeah.
- You guys are dope.
- You are.
- You're dope.
[laughter]
- Could you zip me up?
Thanks, sisters.
Sister!
[laughter]
Did you come at me?
I will fudging end you.
I will rip off your head
and fudge it down your neck.
- Okay, all right, all right.
All right, sorry.
[laughter]
[phone dialing]
[line trilling]
- [exhales deeply]
Hello, hi, uh, yes, uh,
Mrs. Wilson?
How are you?
My name's Anders Holmvik,
and I'm calling to tell you how
how the Boobillow
breast pillow rest
is going to change your life.
I made a sale.
Phyllis Wilson--34F.
But I neutralized my sexuality,
so I don't care.
- Is this true, Jillian?
- Um, Phyllis Wilson,
you said?
Um, no, I made that sale
this morning.
He's a liar.
- No, I'm not.
I'm not lying, okay?
I have nothing to lie about.
- Yeah, I, like, almost cared
for two seconds.
- [chuckles] Right?
- No, no.
But I sprayed the stuff,
so I can't feel a thing.
- Did you feel that?
- No.
Not down there.
But, yeah.
Yeah, up here.
- One! Two!
all: Three! Four! Five!
- Aah!
Oh! Aah!
[chuckles]
I cramped up there.
- Very good, Adam.
That's very strong.
- Very strong. Thank you.
- All right,
listen up, everybody.
Sales of the Boobillow
have been so amazing
that I just signed a contract
with FemCo
to sell their products
exclusively.
Which means these kick-ass
office changes are permanent!
[women cheering]
- Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
- Hey, psst.
- Jesus.
- Come on in here.
Go. He's coming. He's coming.
- I know. Okay.
- These women
have to be stopped, all right?
I can't take this anymore.
- It's true, man.
Jillian is a monster.
Mere seconds ago, she told me
she wanted to butt-fudge me
in the mouth or something.
I don't know.
- Ow! Ow, my eyes! They hurt!
They hurt from how ugly you are
when you complain.
This is, like, an amazing time
to be a man.
Finally we get "oogled"
and ogled
and--and get sexualized.
- I mean,
he did always love that.
- Yeah, but he also
loved sales.
- Guys, women rule the world,
and it's time
that we accept that.
Let's be on the right side
of histor-she.
- No.
- What did you just say?
- Histor-she.
- No, no, no, no, no.
That is not the word.
It is his-story.
- Adam...
- [grunts]
Miss Murphy, I got you
a warm, steaming travel mug
of Darjeeling Limited
Edition Tazo tea.
- Yeah, you can just
put that down anywhere, Adam.
[tray clatters]
- What's going on here?
Is he assaulting you?
Do I need to frickin' throw down
right now?
Is that what I need to do?
- Okay, cut it out, Adam.
Gil is my new assistant.
- [laughing]
[stammering]
What kind of massaging
are you even doing, Gil?
You don't even know massaging.
What kind of massaging is that?
- Foot.
- That makes sense.
I thought
I was your number one.
- Yeah, well, right now
you're acting like a number two.
[soothing traditional
Asian music playing]
- Was that a poop joke?
[dramatic music]
- Yep.
*
- [squeals]
[ice clacking]
- I got to say something.
Yeah, yeah.
- No, do it.
- [clears throat]
Ahem! Ahem!
I wanted to just say something
to the women of this office,
and that is that I think
things need to change,
if that's okay.
[laughter]
- No, no, no, he's right.
Because the way you are
treating us is like used meat,
and we're not meat.
We're men...
with feelings.
Treat us thusly.
- Whoops.
Oh, I dropped my popcorn.
I guess you guys are gonna
have to come pick it up.
- Yeah, whoo!
- Pick it all up.
[laughter and cat-calling]
- It's not gonna do it itself.
Oh, missed a spot.
- We haven't even started,
Jillian.
- Oh, hey,
would it be easier
if you took your tops off?
[women cheer]
- Show me your titties!
[sad music]
[women cheer]
all:
Unbutton your buttons!
- Stand up!
Cover yourselves!
What is wrong
with you women?
For days, we've been held down
by the matriarchy...
which is a word
I recently looked up,
and it means
when women control things.
We are not gonna stand by
and be harassed
and controlled by you...
'cause men are invaluable,
and we should be treated
as such.
[buttons pop]
[women gasp, cheer]
- No! No! That wasn't--
I'm not a piece of meat!
Just as women...
burned bras
in the '70s to be hot,
I shall burn this Boobillow
for men's rights!
To infinity and beyond!
Men rule. Men--
- Whoa!
[all shouting]
- Fire!
- Fire! Watch it!
- [screaming]
- Where's Sigourney?
- Oh, she's still in there!
Oh, my God, where's Sigourney?
- All right, women,
shut up and stand back.
Heroism is man business.
- That's right--
shut up and stand--stand back
and--and grab on
to your tampon string.
- Yeah, everybody shut up,
'cause the men are about
to s-save the day.
- Yeah. Here we go.
- Save the day.
- That's what we're gonna do.
- All right, save the day!
- Men doing men stuff!
- We got this.
- All right.
- Whoa!
[fire alarm bell ringing]
- Be careful.
- Everyone's out.
Everyone's safe.
- Guys?
- Sigourney?
- Help!
*
- Oh, thank God.
- My beautiful boys
are in there! Save them!
- [screams, shuddering]
[suspenseful music]
[Ders and Adam coughing]
- Are you okay?
Are you okay?
- We're gonna be okay.
We're gonna be okay.
- [coughs]
I'm good.
- You want to know
why we're okay?
Because we were saved
by some guys.
- Yeah, some
real manly male fire-men.
- That's right.
- That is right.
Yeah.
- No, no, no,
no, no, no, no!
- Oh, yes!
- Yes!
- Dudes!
- That's what
I'm talking about.
Thanks, man.
Good stuff, good stuff.
- Well, everyone, I would love
to be able to fire Adam
for setting the office on fire,
but, unfortunately, FemCo
is taking full responsibility,
because the Boobillows
were so highly flammable.
- Whoo!
- Everyone will resume
their normal jobs.
Thanks, [bleep]-tard.
- You're welcome.
I'm here to help.
- Whoa, heads up.
Coffee's for closers.
- Actually, I quit coffee.
I mean, sure, the caffeine
turned me into a sales beast
that made me enough money
to fix my back tat, but--
I sure will miss
that cubicle, though.
[chuckles]
- Yeah.
[boing]
- Nice.
- [sobbing, shuddering]
[man snickers]
[stifled laughter]